---
title: "2022 IEEE International Conference on Evolving and Adaptive Intelligent Systems (IEEE EAIS 2022): Call for Papers and Special Sessions"
timestamp: "8/2/2021 3:21:33"
start: "5/25/2022"
end: "5/27/2022"
location: "Larnaca, Cyprus"
---
*** Call for Papers and Special Sessions ***

2022 IEEE International Conference on Evolving and Adaptive
Intelligent Systems (IEEE EAIS 2022)

May 25-27, 2022, Golden Bay Hotel 5*, Larnaca, Cyprus

http://cyprusconferences.org/eais2022/

(Proceedings to be published by the IEEE Xplore Digital Library;
Special Journal Issue with Evolving Systems, Springer)


IEEE EAIS 2022 will provide a working and friendly atmosphere and will be a
leading international forum focusing on the discussion of recent advances,
the exchange of recent innovations and the outline of open important future
challenges in the area of Evolving and Adaptive Intelligent Systems. Over the
past decade, this area has emerged to play an important role on a broad
international level in today's real-world applications, especially those ones
with high complexity and dynamic changes. Its embedded modelling and
learning methodologies are able to cope with real-time demands, changing
operation conditions, varying environmental influences, human behaviours,
knowledge expansion scenarios and drifts in online data streams.


Conference Topics

Basic Methodologies
Evolving Soft Computing Techniques. Evolving Fuzzy Systems. Evolving
Rule-Based Classifiers. Evolving Neuro-Fuzzy Systems. Adaptive
Evolving Neural Networks. Online Genetic and Evolutionary Algorithms. Data
Stream Mining. Incremental and Evolving Clustering. Adaptive
Pattern Recognition. Incremental and Evolving ML Classifiers. Adaptive
Statistical Techniques. Evolving Decision Systems. Big Data.

Problems and Methodologies in Data Streams
Stability, Robustness, Convergence in Evolving Systems. Online Feature
Selection and Dimension Reduction. Online Active and Semi-supervised
Learning. Online Complexity Reduction. Computational Aspects.
Interpretability Issues. Incremental Adaptive Ensemble Methods. Online
Bagging and Boosting. Self-monitoring Evolving Systems. Human-Machine
Interaction Issues. Hybrid Modelling, Transfer Learning. Reservoir Computing.

Applications of EAIS
Time Series Prediction. Data Stream Mining and Adaptive Knowledge
Discovery. Robotics. Intelligent Transport and Advanced Manufacturing.
Advanced Communications and Multimedia Applications. Bioinformatics and
Medicine. Online Quality Control and Fault Diagnosis. Condition
Monitoring Systems. Adaptive Evolving Controller Design. User Activities
Recognition. Huge Database and Web Mining. Visual Inspection and
Image Classification. Image Processing. Cloud Computing. Multiple Sensor
Networks. Query Systems and Social Networks. Alternative Statistical and
Machine Learning Approaches.


Special Sessions

Distinguished researchers working in theory, analysis and applications of
evolving adaptive and intelligent systems and related areas are encouraged to
submit proposals within the technical scope of IEEE EAIS 2022. Researchers
interested in organising special sessions are invited to submit a formal
proposal to the Special Sessions Chair Gabriella Casalino
(gabriella.casalino@uniba.it) and to the General Chair George Angelos
Papadopoulos (george@cs.ucy.ac.cy), by specifying:
- Special Session Lead Organiser email address, details and mini-bio
- Co-Organiser(s) details and mini-bio (optional)
- Special Session title
- Aim and scope of the Special Session (~half a page)
- A list of main topics of the Special Session
- A list of potential/expected contributors


Submissions

Submitted papers should not exceed 8 pages plus at most 2 pages overlength.
Submissions of full papers are accepted online through Easy Chair
(https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=eais2022).
The EAIS 2022 proceedings will be published on IEEE Xplore Digital Library.
Authors of selected papers will be invited to submit extended versions
for possible inclusion in a special issue of Evolving Systems - An
Interdisciplinary Journal for Advanced Science and Technology (Springer).


Important Dates

• Special Session submission: October 1, 2021
• Special Session acceptance: October 10, 2021
• Paper submission: January 10, 2022
• Notification of acceptance/rejection: February 19, 2022
• Camera ready submission: March 20, 2022
• Authors registration: March 20, 2022
• Conference Dates: May 25-27, 2022


Social Media

FB: https://www.facebook.com/IEEEEAIS
Twitter: https://twitter.com/IEEE_EAIS
Linkedin: https://www.linkedin.com/events/2022ieeeconferenceonevolvingand6815560078674972672/


Organization

Honorary Chairs
• Dimitar Filev, Ford Motor Co., USA
• Nikola Kasabov, Auckland University of Technology, New Zealand

General Chairs
• George A. Papadopoulos, University of Cyprus, Nicosia, Cyprus
• Plamen Angelov, Lancaster University, UK

Program Committee Chairs
• Giovanna Castellano, University of Bari, Italy
• José A. Iglesias, Carlos III University of Madrid, Spain

