---
title: "Call for Abstracts: ACM SRC @ PACT 2021"
timestamp: "7/11/2021 10:14:08"
start: "8/20/2021"
location: "Virtual"
tweet: "Call for Abstracts: ACM SRC @ PACT 2021\nSubmit your work to https://pact21src.hotcrp.com/ by Friday, August 20, 2021 (AoE)\n"
---
The ACM Student Research Competition (SRC) is a forum for graduate and
undergraduate students to share their research results, exchange
ideas, and improve their communication skills while competing for
prizes. The SRC consists of three rounds: a) online abstract
submission authored by the student alone, b) poster session at PACT
2021 by authors for selected abstracts and c) presentation at PACT
2021 by authors of the top posters selected by judges at the
conference.

The evaluation of round (1) will focus on the quality of the research
contributions, while rounds (2) and (3) will also consider the quality
of visual and oral presentation. You can find more information on the
ACM Student Research Competition at http://src.acm.org/

Submission Guidelines
Important Dates and Submission Information
Abstract Deadline: Friday, August 20, 2021 (AoE)
Notification: Monday, September 13, 2021
Submission Site: https://pact21src.hotcrp.com/
Conference Dates: Sep 26-29 2021

Eligibility
A participant in the SRC must meet all of the following conditions:
- The abstract and the poster must be authored solely by the participant.
- The participant must submit an abstract of up to 800 words outlining
the content of a poster that is going to be presented during the
competition.
- The abstract must include the poster title, author name,
affiliation, and the name of the academic advisor. It should describe
the research problem, motivation and background, techniques and
results, and the prospect for clearly and concisely conveying the work
in a poster format. It should state the novelty and contributions of
the work explicitly.
- The standard self-plagiarism rules are in effect. If the research
results have already appeared in a publication, prior to the SRC
submission date, then they are not permitted to be submitted to an SRC
for consideration. Furthermore, the same work may not be presented at
an SRC and in another session at PACT 2021. Novelty is one of the
criteria for selection.
- The participant can be from anywhere in the world, but must be an
ACM student member, and must maintain an undergraduate or graduate
student status as of the abstract deadline. Please indicate whether
you are an undergraduate or graduate student. You may join ACM prior
to entering. Basic student membership is $19 per year or less:
http://www.acm.org/membership
- The other eligibility requirements are mentioned here:
https://src.acm.org/participate
- The content of the SRC poster can be included in a future submission
to other conferences or journals.

Abstract Submission
Submissions to the PACT 2021 ACM Student Research Competition (SRC)
must be submitted electronically at this SRC Submission site
(https://pact21src.hotcrp.com/).
- The submission should be in pdf format. Blind submissions are fine,
but not required.
- Submissions should not exceed 1 page, and should not exceed 800
words. Figures and References are fine and must fit within the single
page.
- You may use the templates provided here:
http://pact21.snu.ac.kr/index.php/submissions
- Please also note that all students whose abstracts are accepted are
expected to attend PACT 2021 and present a poster of their work, and
present it in a PACT session if selected from the poster session.

Contact
All questions about submissions should be emailed to PACT 2021 ACM SRC
Chair Changhee Jung (chjung -at- purdue.edu).

