---
title: "ACM/IEEE International Symposium on Code Generation and Optimization (CGO 2023): Call for Papers"
timestamp: "8/6/2022 0:57:59"
deadline: "9/2/2022"
---
ACM/IEEE International Symposium on Code Generation and Optimization (CGO 2023)

                                 Call for Papers

Co-located with PPoPP, HPCA and CC
Montreal, Canada
February 25 - March 1, 2023
https://www.cgo.org/


The International Symposium on Code Generation and Optimization (CGO) is a premier 
venue to bring together researchers and  practitioners working at the interface of 
hardware and software on a wide range of optimization and code generation techniques 
and related issues.  The conference spans the spectrum from purely static to fully 
dynamic approaches, and from pure software-based methods to specific architectural 
features and support for code generation and optimization.


IMPORTANT DATES

Paper Submission: September 2, 2022
Author Rebuttal Period: October 26 - October 28, 2022
Paper Notification: November 7, 2022
Artifact Evaluation Deadline: November 28, 2022
Artifact Evaluation Notification: December 20, 2022


TOPICS

Original contributions are solicited on, but not limited to, the following topics:
* Code Generation, Translation, Transformation, and Optimization for performance,  
  energy, virtualization, portability, security, or reliability concerns, and  
  architectural support
* Efficient execution of dynamically typed and higher-level languages
* Optimization and code generation for emerging programming models, platforms,  
  domain-specific languages
* Dynamic/static, profile-guided, feedback-directed, and machine learning based  
  optimization
* Static, Dynamic, and Hybrid Analysis for performance, energy, memory locality,  
  throughput or latency, security, reliability, or functional debugging
* Program characterization methods
* Efficient profiling and instrumentation techniques; architectural support
* Novel and efficient tools
* Compiler design, practice and experience
* Compiler abstraction and intermediate representations
* Vertical integration of language features, representations, optimizations,  
  and runtime support for parallelism
* Solutions that involve cross-layer (HW/OS/VM/SW) design and integration
* Deployed dynamic/static compiler and runtime systems for general purpose,  
  embedded system and Cloud/HPC platforms
* Parallelism, heterogeneity, and reconfigurable architectures
* Optimizations for heterogeneous or specialized targets, GPUs, SoCs, CGRA
* Compiler support for vectorization, thread extraction, task scheduling,  
  speculation, transaction, memory management, data distribution and  
  synchronization


CALL FOR TOOL AND PRACTICAL EXPERIENCE PAPERS

In recent years CGO had a special category of papers called  "Tools and Practical 
Experience," which was very successful. CGO this year will have the same category 
of papers. Such a paper is subject to the same page length guidelines, except that 
it must give a clear account of its functionality and a summary about the practice 
experience with realistic case studies, and describe all the supporting artifacts 
available.

For papers submitted in this category that present a tool, it is mandatory to submit 
an artifact to the Artifact Evaluation process and to be successfully evaluated. 
These papers will initially be conditionally accepted based on the condition that 
an artifact is submitted to the Artifact Evaluation process and that this artifact 
is successfully evaluated. Authors are not required to make their tool publicly 
available, but we do require that an artifact is submitted and successfully evaluated.

Papers submitted in this category presenting practical experience are encouraged 
but not required to submit an artifact to the Artifact Evaluation process.

The selection criteria for papers in this category are:
* Originality: Papers should present CGO-related technologies applied to real-world  
  problems with scope or characteristics that set them apart from previous solutions.
* Usability: The presented Tools or compilers should have broad usage or applicability.  
  They are expected to assist in CGO-related research, or could be extended to investigate  
  or demonstrate new technologies. If significant components are not yet implemented,  
  the paper will not be considered.
* Documentation: The tool or compiler should be presented on a web-site giving docu-  
  mentation and further information about the tool.
* Benchmark Repository: A suite of benchmarks for testing should be provided.
* Availability: Preferences will be given to tools or compilers that are freely  
  available (at either the source or binary level). Exceptions may be made for industry  
  and commercial tools that cannot be made publicly available for business reasons.
* Foundations: Papers should incorporate the principles underpinning Code Generation  
  and Optimization (CGO). However, a thorough discussion of theoretical foundations   
  is not required; a summary of such should suffice.
* Artifact Evaluation: The submitted artifact must be functional and supports the   
  claims made in the paper.  Submission of an artifact is mandatory for papers  
  presenting a tool.


ARTIFACT EVALUATION

The Artifact Evaluation process is run by a separate committee whose task is to assess 
how the artifacts support the work described in the papers. This process contributes 
to improved reproducibility in research that should be a great concern to all of us. 
There is also some evidence that papers with a supporting artifact receive higher 
citations than papers without (Artifact Evaluation: Is It a Real Incentive? by 
B. Childers and P. Chrysanthis).

Authors of accepted papers at CGO have the option of submitting their artifacts for 
evaluation within two weeks of paper acceptance. To ease the organization of the AE 
committee, we kindly ask authors to indicate at the time they submit the paper, 
whether they are interested in submitting an artifact. Papers that go through the 
Artifact Evaluation process successfully will receive a seal of approval printed on 
the papers themselves. Additional information is available on the CGO AE web page. 
Authors of accepted papers are encouraged, but not required, to make these materials 
publicly available upon publication of the proceedings, by including them as "source 
materials" in the ACM Digital Library.

Authors should carefully consider the difference in focus with the co-located con-
ferences when deciding where to submit a paper. CGO will make the proceedings freely 
available via the ACM DL platform during the period from two weeks before to two weeks 
after the conference. This option will facilitate easy access to the proceedings by 
conference attendees, and it will also enable the community at large to experience 
the excitement of learning about the latest developments being presented in the 
period surrounding the event itself.
