---
title: "ML Family Workshop 2022: Final Call for Presentations"
timestamp: "5/17/2022 10:31:45"
deadline: "6/3/2022"
---
We are happy to invite submissions to the **ML Family Workshop 2022**, to
be held during the ICFP conference week on Thursday, September 15th.

The ML family workshop warmly welcomes submission touching on the
programming languages traditionally seen as part of the “ML family”
(Standard ML, OCaml, F#, CakeML, SML#, Manticore, MetaOCaml, etc.).
The scope of the workshop includes all aspects of the design,
semantics, theory, application, implementation, and teaching of the
members of the ML family. We also encourage presentations from related
languages (such as Haskell, Scala, Rust, Nemerle, Links, Koka, F*,
Eff, ATS, etc), to exchange experience of further developing ML ideas.

The workshop does not have proceedings, making it the perfect venue to
run some ideas with the community or present some work in progress
within a friendly environment. The PC has a broad expertise and
submissions are 3 pages long: when in doubt, just submit!

Currently, the workshop is scheduled to be an in-person event. We will
give to the authors of accepted abstracts the opportunity to give
their talks remotely if necessary, in case they could not travel.

See the detailed CFP online on the ICFP website:
<https://icfp22.sigplan.org/home/mlfamilyworkshop-2022#Call-for-Presentations>

Important dates
---------------

-    Friday 3th June (any time zone): Abstract submission deadline
-    Tuesday 28th June: Author notification
-    Thursday 15th August: ML Family Workshop

Program committee
-----------------

-    Kenichi Asai (Ochanomizu University)
-    Arthur Azevedo de Amorim (Boston University)
-    Dariusz Biernacki (University of Wrocław)
-    Stephen Dolan (Jane Street)
-    Kavon Farvardin (Apple)
-    Armaël Guéneau (Inria)
-    Sam Lindley (University of Edinburgh)
-    Guido Martínez (CIFASIS-CONICET)
-    Keiko Nakata (SAP Innovation Center Potsdam)
-    Lionel Parreaux (Hong Kong University of Science and Technology)
-    Matija Pretnar (University of Ljubljana)
-    Mike Rainey (Carnegie Mellon University)
-    Yann Régis-Gianas (Nomadic Labs)
-    KC Sivaramakrishnan (IIT Madras and Tarides)
-    Ningning Xie (University of Cambridge)

Chair: Benoît Montagu (Inria)

Submission details
------------------

See the online CFP for the details on the expected submission format.

Submissions must be uploaded to the workshop submission website
<https://ml2022.hotcrp.com/> before the submission deadline.

