---
title: "Certified Programs and Proofs (CPP) 2023 Call for Papers"
timestamp: "6/14/2022 16:55:47"
deadline: "9/21/2022"
---

Certified Programs and Proofs (CPP) is an international conference on practical
and theoretical topics in all areas that consider formal verification and
certification as an essential paradigm for their work. CPP spans areas of
computer science, mathematics, logic, and education.

CPP 2023 (https://popl23.sigplan.org/home/CPP-2023) will be held on 16-17
January 2023 and will be co-located with POPL 2023 in Boston, Massachusetts,
United States. CPP 2023 is sponsored by ACM SIGPLAN, in cooperation with ACM
SIGLOG.

CPP 2023 will welcome contributions from all members of the community. The CPP
2023 organizers will strive to enable both in-person and remote participation,
in cooperation with the POPL 2023 organizers.

IMPORTANT DATES

* Abstract Submission Deadline: 14 September 2022 at 23:59 AoE (UTC-12h)
* Paper Submission Deadline: 21 September 2022 at 23:59 AoE (UTC-12h)
* Notification (tentative): 21 November 2022
* Camera Ready Deadline (tentative): 12 December 2022
* Conference: 16-17 January 2023

Deadlines expire at the end of the day, anywhere on earth. Abstract and
submission deadlines are strict and there will be no extensions.

DISTINGUISHED PAPER AWARDS

Around 10% of the accepted papers at CPP 2023 will be designated as
Distinguished Papers. This award highlights papers that the CPP program
committee thinks should be read by a broad audience due to their relevance,
originality, significance and clarity.

TOPICS OF INTEREST

We welcome submissions in research areas related to formal certification of
programs and proofs. The following is a non-exhaustive list of topics of
interest to CPP:

* certified or certifying programming, compilation, linking, OS kernels, runtime
  systems, security monitors, and hardware;
* certified mathematical libraries and mathematical theorems;
* proof assistants (e.g, ACL2, Agda, Coq, Dafny, F*, HOL4, HOL Light, Idris,
  Isabelle, Lean, Mizar, Nuprl, PVS, etc);
* new languages and tools for certified programming;
* program analysis, program verification, and program synthesis;
* program logics, type systems, and semantics for certified code;
* logics for certifying concurrent and distributed systems;
* mechanized metatheory, formalized programming language semantics, and logical
  frameworks;
* higher-order logics, dependent type theory, proof theory, logical systems,
  separation logics, and logics for security;
* verification of correctness and security properties;
* formally verified blockchains and smart contracts;
* certificates for decision procedures, including linear algebra, polynomial
  systems, SAT, SMT, and unification in algebras of interest;
* certificates for semi-decision procedures, including equality, first-order
  logic, and higher-order unification;
* certificates for program termination;
* formal models of computation;
* mechanized (un)decidability and computational complexity proofs;
* formally certified methods for induction and coinduction;
* integration of interactive and automated provers;
* logical foundations of proof assistants;
* applications of AI and machine learning to formal certification;
* user interfaces for proof assistants and theorem provers;
* teaching mathematics and computer science with proof assistants.

SUBMISSION GUIDELINES

Prior to the paper submission deadline, the authors should upload their
anonymized paper in PDF format through the HotCRP system at

https://cpp2023.hotcrp.com

The submissions must be written in English and provide sufficient detail to
allow the program committee to assess the merits of the contribution. They must
be formatted following the ACM SIGPLAN Proceedings format using the acmart style
with the sigplan option, which provides a two-column style, using 10 point font
for the main text, and a header for double blind review submission, i.e.,

\documentclass[sigplan,10pt,anonymous,review]{acmart}\settopmatter{printfolios=true,printccs=false,printacmref=false}

The submitted papers should not exceed 12 pages, including tables and figures,
but excluding bibliography and clearly marked appendices. The papers should be
self-contained without the appendices. Shorter papers are welcome and will be
given equal consideration. Submissions not conforming to the requirements
concerning format and maximum length may be rejected without further
consideration.

CPP 2023 will employ a lightweight double-blind reviewing process following the
process from previous years. To facilitate this, the submissions must adhere to
two rules:
(1) author names and institutions must be omitted, and
(2) references to authors’ own related work should be in the third person (e.g.,
    not "We build on our previous work ..." but rather "We build on the work of
    ...").

The purpose of this process is to help the PC and external reviewers come to an
initial judgment about the paper without bias, not to make it impossible for
them to discover the authors if they were to try. Nothing should be done in the
name of anonymity that weakens the submission or makes the job of reviewing it
more difficult. In particular, important background references should not be
omitted or anonymized. In addition, authors are free to disseminate their ideas
or draft versions of their papers as usual. For example, authors may post drafts
of their papers on the web or give talks on their research ideas. Note that POPL
2023 itself will employ full double-blind reviewing, which differs from the
light-weight CPP process.  This FAQ from previous SIGPLAN conference addresses
many common concerns:
https://popl20.sigplan.org/track/POPL-2020-Research-Papers#Submission-and-Reviewing-FAQ

We strongly encourage the authors to provide any supplementary material that
supports the claims made in the paper, such as proof scripts or experimental
data. This material must be uploaded at submission time, as an archive, not via
a URL. Two forms of supplementary material may be submitted:

(1) Anonymous supplementary material is made available to the reviewers before
they submit their first-draft reviews.

(2) Non-anonymous supplementary material is made available to the reviewers
after they have submitted their first-draft reviews and have learned the
identity of the authors.

Please use anonymous supplementary material whenever possible, so that it can be
taken into account from the beginning of the reviewing process.

The submitted papers must adhere to the SIGPLAN Republication Policy
(https://www.sigplan.org/Resources/Policies/Republication/) and the ACM Policy
on Plagiarism (https://www.acm.org/publications/policies/plagiarism). Concurrent
submissions to other conferences, journals, workshops with proceedings, or
similar forums of publication are not allowed. The PC chairs should be informed
of closely related work submitted to a conference or journal in advance of
submission. One author of each accepted paper is expected to present it at the
(possibly virtual) conference.

PUBLICATION, COPYRIGHT AND OPEN ACCESS

The CPP 2023 proceedings will be published by the ACM, and authors of accepted
papers will be required to choose one of the following publication options:

(1) Author retains copyright of the work and grants ACM a non-exclusive
    permission-to-publish license and, optionally, licenses the work under a
    Creative Commons license.

(2) Author retains copyright of the work and grants ACM an exclusive
    permission-to-publish license.

(3) Author transfers copyright of the work to ACM.


For authors who can afford it, we recommend option (1), which will make the
paper Gold Open Access, and also encourage such authors to license their work
under the CC-BY license. ACM will charge you an article processing fee for this
option (currently, US$700), which you have to pay directly with the ACM.

For everyone else, we recommend option (2), which is free and allows you to
achieve Green Open Access, by uploading a preprint of your paper to a repository
that guarantees permanent archival such as arXiv or HAL. This is anyway a good
idea for timely dissemination even if you chose option 1.

The official CPP 2023 proceedings will also be available via SIGPLAN OpenTOC
(http://www.sigplan.org/OpenTOC/#cpp).

For ACM’s take on this, see their Copyright Policy
(http://www.acm.org/publications/policies/copyright-policy) and Author Rights
(http://authors.acm.org/main.html).

PROGRAM COMMITTEE

Steve Zdancewic, University of Pennsylvania, USA (co-chair)
Brigitte Peintka, McGill University, Canada (co-chair)
Reynald Affeldt, AIST, Japan
Tej Chajed, MIT, USA
Koen Claessen, Chalmers, Sweden
Ranald Clouston, ANU, Australia
Leonardo de Moura, Microsoft Research, USA
Xinyu Feng, Nanjing University, China
Denis Firsov, Tallinn University/GuardTime, Estonia
Yannick Forster, Inria Nantes, France
Milos Gligoric, UT Austin, USA
Stephane Graham-Lengrand, SRI, USA
Elsa Gunter, Univerisity of Illinois Urbana-Champaign, USA
Chris Hawblitzel, Microsoft Research, US
Chantal Keller , Université Paris Saclay, France
Marie Kerjean, CNRS, France
Yoonseung Kim, Seoul National University, Korea
Kenji Maillard, INRIA, France
César Muñoz, Amazon Web Services, USA
Lawrence Paulson, Cambridge, UK
Pierre-Marie Pédrot, INRIA, France
Anja Petković Komel, TU Wien, Vienna
Clément Pit-Claudel, EPFL, France
Christine Rizkallah, University of Melbourne, Australia
Cody Roux, AWS, USA
Kazuhiko Sakaguchi, University of Tsukuba, Japan
Anna Slobodova, Intel, USA
Aaron Stump, University of Iowa, US
René Thiemann, University of Innsbruck, Austria
Amin Timany, Aarhus University, Denmark
Josef Urban, CIIRC (Prague), Czech Republic
Viktor Vafeiadis, MPI-SWS, Germany
Yuting Wang, Shanghai Jiao Tong University, China
Tjark Weber, Uppsala University, Sweden

ORGANIZERS

Dmitriy Traytel, University of Copenhagen, Denmark (conference co-chair)
Robbert Krebbers, Radboud University, Netherlands (conference co-chair)
Brigitte Peintka, McGill University, Canada (PC co-chair)
Steve Zdancewic, University of Pennsylvania, United States (PC co-chair)

CONTACT

For any questions please contact the two PC chairs:
Steve Zdancewic <stevez@seas.upenn.edu>
Brigitte Pientka <bpientka@cs.mcgill.ca>


