---
title: "TFPIE 2022: moving to online and extension to Feb 7th"
timestamp: "1/14/2022 9:00:09"
deadline: "2/7/2022"
---
Due to rescheduling of the Lambda Days because of COVID, TFPIE, together with TFP, will be held virtually on March 16th 2022, together with TFP which will be held on March 17-18.

There is an optional opportunity to present at the Lambda Days July 28-29 2022
in addition to the virtual presentation in March.

Updated TFPIE 2022 Call for papers:
https://wiki.tfpie.science.ru.nl/TFPIE2022

The submission deadline is extended to February 7th 2022. 

TFPIE 2022 welcomes submissions describing techniques used in the classroom,
tools used in and/or developed for the classroom and any creative use of
functional programming (FP) to aid education in or outside Computer Science.
Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:

  FP and beginning CS students
  FP and Computational Thinking
  FP and Artificial Intelligence
  FP in Robotics
  FP and Music
  Advanced FP for undergraduates
  FP in graduate education
  Engaging students in research using FP
  FP in Programming Languages
  FP in the high school curriculum
  FP as a stepping stone to other CS topics
  FP and Philosophy
  The pedagogy of teaching FP
  FP and e-learning: MOOCs, automated assessment etc.
  Best Lectures - more details below

In addition to papers, we are requesting best lecture presentations. What's your
best lecture topic in an FP related course? Do you have a fun way to present FP
concepts to novices or perhaps an especially interesting presentation of a
difficult topic? In either case, please consider sharing it. Best lecture topics
will be selected for presentation based on a short abstract describing the
lecture and its interest to TFPIE attendees. The length of the presentation
should be comparable to that of a paper. In addition, the speaker can provide
commentary on effectiveness or student feedback.

Submissions

Potential presenters are invited to submit an extended abstract (4-6 pages) or
a draft paper (up to 20 pages) in EPTCS style. The authors of accepted presentations will have their preprints and their slides made available on the workshop's website. Papers and abstracts can be submitted via easychair at the following link:

https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=tfpie2022

After the workshop, presenters are invited to submit (a revised version of) their
article for the formal review. The PC will select the best articles for publication
in the Electronic Proceedings in Theoretical Computer Science (EPTCS). Articles
rejected for presentation and extended abstracts will not be formally reviewed
by the PC.

Important Dates (updated)

	  Submission deadline: *February 7th* 2022, Anywhere on Earth.
	  Notification: *February 11th* 2022 (Note: earlier submissions will receive earlier response)
	  TFPIE Registration Deadline: TBA
	  Workshop: *March 16* 2022
	  Submission for formal review: *April 29th* 2022, Anywhere on Earth.
	  Notification of full article: June 1st 2022
	  Camera ready: July 1st 2022

Program Committee

	Peter Achten, Radboud University, Netherlands
	Stephen Chang, University of Massachusetts Boston, USA
	John Hughes, Chalmers University of Technology, Sweden
	Elena Machkasova (Chair) - University of Minnesota Morris, USA
	Kristina Sojakova - INRIA, Paris, France
	Melinda Tóth, Eötvös Loránd University, Budapest, Hungary

Keynote speaker:

Our keynote talk is "The perfect Functional Programming course" by Peter Achten.

Registration information:

TFPIE will take place virtually on March 16 2022, together with TFP which will be held on March 17-18. Registration information will be announced shortly. There is no registration fee.

Registration and online attendance are mandatory for at least one author of every paper that is presented at the workshop. 

Only papers that have been presented at TFPIE may be submitted to the post-reviewing process.

