---
title: "29th International European Conference on Parallel and Distributed Computing (Euro-Par 2023): Call for Posters and Demos"
timestamp: "11/8/2022 5:47:30"
deadline: "5/20/2023"
---
*** Call for Posters and Demos ***

29th International European Conference on Parallel and Distributed Computing
(Euro-Par 2023)

August 28 - September 1, 2023, St. Raphael Resort, Limassol, Cyprus

http://2023.euro-par.org


SCOPE

Euro-Par is the prime European conference covering all aspects of parallel and distributed 
processing, ranging from theory to practice, from small to the largest parallel and distributed 
systems and infrastructures, from fundamental computational problems to applications, from 
architecture, compiler, language and interface design and implementation, to tools, support 
infrastructures, and application performance aspects.

We invite participants to submit original and unpublished works as posters and/or demos to the
Euro-Par 2023 conference presenting the latest breakthroughs which have been developed in 
H2020, Horizon Europe, EuroHPC JU, national, regional and international R&D projects. 
Topics of interest should cover the conference scope and tracks (please visit the conference
web site for more information about the topics covered by Euro-Par). The poster/demo
sessions will provide an excellent opportunity for students and researchers to present early-
stage research results and receive valuable feedback on their ongoing research from the 
community. 


SUBMISSION AND REVIEW PROCESS

The authors are invited to submit poster and/or demo papers formatted in the Springer
LNCS style:
http://www.springer.com/gp/computer-science/lncs/conference-proceedings-guidelines
and not exceeding 4 pages (including references, etc.)
 
Submissions to the poster and demo track will be evaluated through a comprehensive
peer-review process by the Poster and Demo Track Program Committee. The posters and
demos will be evaluated in terms of technical merit, innovation, and the potential to
stimulate interesting discussions and exchange of ideas at the conference.
 
The authors of accepted poster and demo papers must register and present them at the 
conference. Accepted poster and demo papers will be included in the workshop proceedings
to be published by Springer in LNCS after the conference.
 
 
BEST POSTER AND DEMO AWARD  

All posters and demos will be considered for the Best Poster Award and the Best Demo Award, 
respectively. Decisions will be based on the quality of the submission, as well as live
interactions with the Committee during the conference.
 
 
IMPORTANT DATES

• Deadline for Submission of Posters/Demos: May 20, 2023
• Notification of Acceptance: July 1, 2023
 
 
POSTER & DEMO CHAIR

• George Pallis, University of Cyprus, Cyprus (pallis-AT-ucy.ac.cy)


