---
title: "Trends of Functional Programming in Education 2023 call for submissions (deadline Dec 27th)"
timestamp: "10/21/2022 10:45:58"
deadline: "12/27/2022"
---
TFPIE 2023 Call for papers
https://wiki.tfpie.science.ru.nl/TFPIE2023
(January 12th 2023, Boston, MA, USA, co-located with TFP 2023 and POPL 2023)

TFPIE 2023 welcomes submissions describing techniques used in the classroom,
tools used in and/or developed for the classroom and any creative use of
functional programming (FP) to aid education in or outside Computer Science.
Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:

  FP and beginning CS students
  FP and Computational Thinking
  FP and Artificial Intelligence
  FP in Robotics
  FP and Music
  Advanced FP for undergraduates
  FP in graduate education
  Engaging students in research using FP
  FP in Programming Languages
  FP in the high school curriculum
  FP as a stepping stone to other CS topics
  FP and Philosophy
  The pedagogy of teaching FP
  FP and e-learning: MOOCs, automated assessment etc.
  Best Lectures - more details below

In addition to papers, we are requesting best lecture presentations. What's your
best lecture topic in an FP related course? Do you have a fun way to present FP
concepts to novices or perhaps an especially interesting presentation of a
difficult topic? In either case, please consider sharing it. Best lecture topics
will be selected for presentation based on a short abstract describing the
lecture and its interest to TFPIE attendees. The length of the presentation
should be comparable to that of a paper. In addition, the speaker can provide
commentary on effectiveness or student feedback.

Submissions

Potential presenters are invited to submit an extended abstract (4-6 pages) or
a draft paper (up to 20 pages) in EPTCS style. The authors of accepted presentations
will have their preprints and their slides made available on the workshop's website.
Papers and abstracts can be submitted via easychair at the following link:

https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=tfpie2023

After the workshop, presenters are invited to submit (a revised version of) their
article for the formal review. The PC will select the best articles for publication
in the Electronic Proceedings in Theoretical Computer Science (EPTCS). Articles
rejected for presentation and extended abstracts will not be formally reviewed
by the PC.

Important Dates

      Submission deadline: December 27th 2022, Anywhere on Earth.
      Notification: December 30th 2022 (Note: earlier submissions will receive earlier response)
      TFPIE Registration Deadline: TBA
      Workshop: January 12th 2023
      Submission for formal review: April 19th 2023, Anywhere on Earth.
          Notification of full article: May 24th 2023
          Camera ready: July 1st 2023

Program Committee

        Christopher Anand - McMaster University, Canada
        Attila Egri-Nagy - Akita International University, Japan
        Jason Hemann - Seton Hall University, USA
        Kevin Kappelmann - Technical University of Munich, Germany
        Elena Machkasova (Chair) - University of Minnesota Morris, USA
        Kristina Sojakova - INRIA, France
        Jørgen Villadsen - Technical University of Denmark, Denmark

Registration information

See https://wiki.tfpie.science.ru.nl/TFPIE2023 for updated information.

Registration and attendance are mandatory for at least one author of every paper
that is presented at the workshop. Presenters will have their registration fee waived.

Only papers that have been presented at TFPIE may be submitted to the post-reviewing
process.

Best regards,
Elena  Machkasova (program committee chair)


