---
title: "Call for Papers, 33rd International Symposium on Logic-based Program Synthesis and Transformation (LOPSTR 2023) Co-located with PPDP 2023 as part of SPLASH 2023"
timestamp: "3/13/2023 6:45:27"
deadline: "5/19/2023"
---

33rd International Symposium on Logic-based Program Synthesis and
Transformation (LOPSTR 2023)
Co-located with PPDP 2023 as part of SPLASH 2023

October 23-24, 2023 - Cascais, Lisbon, Portugal

https://lopstr.github.io/2023/

Important dates:
- Abstract submission: May 19, 2023 (AoE)
- Paper submission: May 26, 2023 (AoE)
- Author notification: July 24, 2023 (AoE)
- Camera-ready: August 18, 2023 
- Symposium: October 23-24, 2023

OVERVIEW

The aim of the LOPSTR series is to stimulate and promote international
research and collaboration on logic-based program development. LOPSTR
is open to contributions in logic-based program development in any
language paradigm. LOPSTR has a reputation for being a lively,
friendly forum for presenting and discussing work in progress.

LOPSTR 2023 will be held in-person at Hotel Cascais Miragem in
Cascais, Lisbon, Portugal and will be co-located with PPDP 2023 as
part of SPLASH 2023. At least one of the authors of the accepted paper
is expected to attend the conference and present the paper. Information
about venue and travel is available on the SPLASH 2023 website.

Topics of interest cover all aspects of logic-based program
development, all stages of the software life cycle, and issues of both
programming-in-the-small and programming-in-the-large, including, but
not limited to:

- synthesis
- transformation
- specialization
- inversion
- composition
- optimisation
- specification
- analysis and verification
- testing and certification
- program and model manipulation
- AI-methods for program development
- verification and testing of AI-based systems
- transformational techniques in software engineering
- logic-based methods for security, cyber-physical and distributed
  system
- applications, tools and industrial practice

Survey papers that present some aspects of the above topics from a new
perspective and papers that describe experience with industrial
applications and case studies are also welcome.

PAPER SUBMISSION

Submissions can be made in two categories:

- Regular Papers (15 pages max.)
- Short Papers (8 pages max.)

References do NOT count towards the page limit. Additional pages may
be used for appendices not intended for publication. Reviewers are not
required to read the appendices, and thus papers should be
intelligible without them. All submissions must be written in English.

Submissions must not substantially overlap with papers/tools that have
been published or that are simultaneously submitted to a journal,
conference, or workshop with refereed proceedings.

Submissions of Regular Papers must describe the original work. Work
that already appeared in unpublished or informally published workshop
proceedings may be submitted (please contact the PC chair in case of
questions).

Submissions of Short Papers may include presentations of exciting if
not fully polished research and tool demonstrations that are of
academic and industrial interest. Tool demonstrations should describe
the relevant system, usability, and implementation aspects of a tool.

All accepted papers will be included in the conference proceedings and
published by Springer as a Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS)
volume.

After the symposium, a selection of a few best papers will be invited
for submission to rapid publication in the Journal of Theory and
Practice of Logic Programming (TPLP). Authors of selected papers will
be invited to revise and/or extend their submissions to be considered
for publication. The papers submitted to TPLP will be subject to the
standard reviewing process of the journal.

SUBMISSION GUIDELINES

Authors should submit an electronic copy of the paper (written in
English) in PDF, formatted in the Lecture Notes in Computer Science
style. Each submission must include on its first page the paper title;
authors and their affiliations; contact author's email; abstract; and
three to four keywords which will be used to assist the PC in
selecting appropriate reviewers for the paper. Authors should consult
Springer's authors' instructions at the author's page, and use their
proceedings templates, either for LaTeX (available also in overleaf)
or for Word, for the preparation of their papers. Springer encourages
authors to include their ORCIDs in their papers. In addition, upon
acceptance, the corresponding author of each paper, acting on behalf
of all of the authors of that paper, must complete and sign a
Consent-to-Publish form. The corresponding author signing the
copyright form should match the corresponding author marked on the
paper. Once the files have been sent to Springer, changes relating to
the authorship of the papers cannot be made.

Page numbers (and, if possible, line numbers) should appear on the
manuscript to help the reviewers in writing their report. So, for
LaTeX, we recommend that authors use:

\pagestyle{plain}
\usepackage{lineno}
\linenumbers

Papers should be submitted via EasyChair:
https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=lopstr2023

BEST PAPER AWARD

Thanks to Springer's sponsorship, two best paper awards (one for each
submission category), with a 500 EUR prize, will be given at LOPSTR
2023. The program committee will select the winning papers based on
relevance, originality and technical quality but may also take
authorship into account (e.g. a student paper).

PROGRAM CHAIRS

Robert Glück, University of Copenhagen, Denmark
Bishoksan Kafle, IMDEA Software Institute, Spain

PUBLICITY CHAIR

Daniel Jurjo Rivas, IMDEA Software Institute, Spain

PROGRAM COMMITTEE MEMBERS

Slim Abdennadher, German International University, Egypt
José Júlio Alferes, Universidade Nova de Lisboa, Portugal
Roberto Amadini, University of Bologna, Italy
William Byrd, University of Alabama at Birmingham, USA
Michael Codish, Ben-Gurion University of the Negev, Israel
Gregory Duck, National University of Singapore, Singapore
Isabel García-Contreras, University of Waterloo, Canada
Ashutosh Gupta, IIT Bombay, India
Gopal Gupta, The University of Texas at Dallas, USA
Michael Hanus, University of Kiel, Germany
Temesghen Kahsai, Amazon, USA
Maja Hanne Kirkeby, Roskilde University, Denmark
Michael Leuschel, Heinrich Heine University Düsseldorf, Germany
Nai-Wei Lin, National Chung Cheng University, Taiwan
Fred Mesnard, University of Reunion, France
José F. Morales, IMDEA Software Institute, Spain
Carlos Olarte, Universitè Sorbonne Paris Nord, France
Alberto Pettorossi, Università di Roma Tor Vergata, Italy
Christoph Reichenbach, Lund University, Sweden
Peter Schachte, The University of Melbourne, Australia
Helge Spieker, Simula Research Laboratory, Norway
Theresa Swift, Universidade Nova de Lisboa, Portugal
Laura Titolo, National Institute of Aerospace, USA
Kazunori Ueda, Waseda University, Japan
Germán Vidal, Universitat Politècnica de València, Spain
Nisansala Yatapanage, Australian National University, Australia
Florian Zuleger, Vienna University of Technology, Austria

HISTORY

LOPSTR is a renowned symposium that has been held for more than 30
years.  The first meeting was held in Manchester, UK in
1991. Information about previous symposia:
http://lopstr.webs.upv.es/. You might have a look at the contents of
past LOPSTR symposia at DBLP
(https://dblp.uni-trier.de/db/conf/lopstr/index.html) and past LNCS
proceedings at Springer (https://link.springer.com/conference/lopstr).

Cheers, 
