---
title: "Call for Papers, 12th Workshop on Programming Languages and Operating Systems (PLOS 2023)"
timestamp: "7/3/2023 14:27:10"
deadline: "8/4/2023"
---
                                CALL FOR PAPERS

         12th Workshop on Programming Languages and Operating Systems
                                  (PLOS 2023)

                               October 23, 2023
                               Koblenz, Germany

                        https://plos-workshop.org/2023/

                            Sponsored by ACM SIGOPS
                         In conjunction with SOSP 2023
                         https://sosp2023.mpi-sws.org/

                Paper submission deadline:      August 4, 2023
                Notification of acceptance:  September 4, 2023
                Final papers due:           September 29, 2023
                Workshop:                     October 23, 2023


Historically, operating system and programming language development went
hand-in-hand.  Challenges in one area were often approached using
ideas/techniques developed in the other, and advances in one area enabled new
capabilities in the other.  Today, although the systems community at large
retains an iron grip on C, modern programming language ideas continue to spark
innovations in OS design and construction.  Conversely, the systems field
continues to provide a wealth of challenging problems and practical results
that should lead to advances in programming languages, software designs, and
idioms.

This workshop will bring together researchers and developers from the
programming language and operating system domains to discuss recent work at the
intersection of these fields.  It will be a platform for discussing new
visions, challenges, experiences, problems, and solutions arising from the
application of advanced programming and software engineering concepts to
operating systems construction, and vice versa.

Suggested paper topics include, but are not restricted to:

  * domain-specific and type-safe languages for the OS;
  * the design of language-specific unikernels;
  * language-based approaches to crosscutting system concerns, such as
    security and run-time performance;
  * PL support for system verification, testing, and debugging;
  * synthesis of OS code;
  * static/dynamic OS configuration and specialization;
  * PL support for OS integration of modern hardware (NVM, HBM, FPGAs,
    accelerators, RDMA, etc.);
  * the use of OS abstractions and techniques in language runtimes;
  * verification and static analysis of OS components;
  * critical evaluations of new programming language ideas in support of OS
    construction;
  and
  * experience reports on applying new language techniques in commercial OS
    settings.

AGENDA

The workshop will be a highly interactive event with an agenda designed to
promote focused and lively discussions.  Part of the workshop program will be
based on paper presentations.  PLOS welcomes research, experience, and position
papers; papers describing industrial experience are particularly encouraged.
The set of accepted papers will be made available to registered attendees in
advance of the workshop.  Participants should come to the workshop prepared
with questions and comments.

SUBMISSION GUIDELINES

All papers must be written in English and should be formatted in the two-column
ACM article style (https://www.acm.org/publications/proceedings-template),
using the options "sigplan,anonymous,10pt".  The CCS Concepts, Keywords, and
ACM Reference Format sections are not required in submissions.  Submissions are
double-blind: author names and affiliations should not be included.

Submissions must not be more than six (6) pages in length, using 10-point font.
The bibliography does not count towards the page limit.  The page limit will be
strictly enforced.  They will be reviewed by the workshop program committee and
designated external reviewers.  Papers will be evaluated based on technical
quality, originality, relevance, and presentation.  The submission website is:
https://plos23.hotcrp.com/.

By default, accepted papers will be published electronically in the ACM Digital
Library.  The authors of accepted papers to be included in the ACM Digital
Library will be required to sign ACM copyright release forms.  The publication
of a paper in the PLOS workshop proceedings is not intended to replace future
conference publication.

PROGRAM COMMITTEE

Antonio Barbalace, The University of Edinburgh (co-chair)
Björn B. Brandenburg, Max Planck Institute for Software Systems
David Cock, ETH Zurich
Nathan Dautenhahn, Rice University
Chris Hawblitzel, Microsoft Research
Michael Homer, Victoria University of Wellington
Faria Kalim, Apple Inc
Stefan Lankes, RWTH Aachen University
Hui Lu, SUNY Binghamton
Mae Milano, UC Berkeley
Pierre Olivier, The University of Manchester (co-chair)
Linhai Song, Pennsylvania State University
Alain Tchana, Grenoble INP
Chia-Che Tsai, Texas A&M University
Carsten Weinhold, Barkhausen Institute

ORGANIZING COMMITTEE

Pierre-Évariste Dagand, Université de Paris
Eric Eide, University of Utah
Olaf Spinczyk, Osnabrück University

