---
title: "Call for Papers, APLAS 2024 -- The 22nd Asian Symposium on Programming Languages and Systems"
timestamp: "4/18/2024 22:17:56"
deadline: "5/24/2024"
---
APLAS 2024 -- The 22nd Asian Symposium on Programming Languages and Systems
October 22-24, 2024, Kyoto, Japan

       https://conf.researchr.org/home/aplas-2024/

APLAS 2024 aims to bring together programming language researchers,
practitioners and implementors *worldwide*, to present and discuss the
latest results and exchange ideas in all areas of programming
languages and systems. APLAS 2024 is co-located with the
22nd International Symposium on Automated Technology for Verification
and Analysis (ATVA).


We solicit submissions in the form of regular research papers
describing original scientific research results, including system
development and case studies. Among others, solicited topics include:
programming paradigms and styles; methods and tools to specify and
reason about programs and languages; programming language foundations;
methods and tools for implementation; concurrency and distribution;
applications, case studies and emerging topics.

Submissions should not exceed 17 pages, excluding bibliography, in the
Springer LNCS format. The reviewing process is light double-blind,
with a rebuttal phase to address factual errors and minor
misunderstandings.

Proceedings of APLAS 2024 will be published by Springer as part of
Lecture Notes in Computer Science (LNCS). 
https://link.springer.com/conference/aplas

APLAS 2024 continues the tradition of the best paper award. 

       Submission deadline: Fri May 24

       Response period: Jul 24-26
       Acceptance notification: Fri Aug 2
       Camera-ready: Sat Aug 31

The submission website is now open: https://aplas24.hotcrp.com/

General Chair: Jacques Garrigue (Nagoya U.)
Publicity Chairs: Ryosuke Sato (TUAT U.), Mirai Ikebuchi (Kyoto U.)

Program Committee:

Beniamino Accattoli (Inria & Ecole Polytechnique)
Pierre-Evariste Dagand (IRIF / CNRS) 
Silvia Ghilezan (University of Novi Sad, Mathematical Institute SASA)
Fritz Henglein (DIKU and Deon Digital)
Mirai Ikebuchi (Kyoto University)
Patrik Jansson (Chalmers University of Technology and University of Gothenburg)
Oleg Kiselyov (Tohoku University, PC Chair)
Hsiang-Shang ‘Josh’ Ko (Academia Sinica)
Daan Leijen (Microsoft Research)
Martin Lester (University of Reading)
Fredrik Nordvall Forsberg (University of Strathclyde)
Matija Pretnar (University of Ljubljana)
Peter Schachte (The University of Melbourne)
Sven-Bodo Scholz (Radboud University)
Philipp Schuster (University of Tübingen)
Taro Sekiyama (NII)
Amir Shaikhha (University of Edinburgh)
Pavle Subotic (Fantom Foundation)
Yong Kiam Tan (Institute for Infocomm Research, A*STAR)
Kazunori Ueda (Waseda University)
Yuting Wang (Shanghai Jiao Tong University)
Ki Yung Ahn (Hannam University)
