---
title: "PLMW@ICFP'24: Final call for Participation (travel funding application by June 21)"
timestamp: "6/17/2024 15:28:35"
start: "9/2/2024"
end: "9/2/2024"
---
APPLICATION FOR PLMW TRAVEL FUNDING

For full consideration for scholarship funding, please apply at the link below by June 21, AoE. We will notify accepted attendees in a rolling fashion until all funding is committed.

The application can be accessed at the following URL  (Apply by June 21, 2024 AOE for full consideration!):
https://forms.gle/vC6udnMWRvvAczPR6

—--------------------------------------------------------------

ACM SIGPLAN Programming Languages Mentoring Workshop (PLMW) at ICFP 24, Milan, Italy

Workshop: Monday, September 2, 2024
Website: https://icfp24.sigplan.org/home/PLMW-ICFP-2024

PLMW is a workshop co-located with ICFP 2024 (the International Conference on Functional Programming) in Milan, Italy, from September 2-7.

The purpose of this mentoring workshop is to encourage graduate students and senior undergraduate students to pursue careers in programming language research. This workshop will bring together world leaders in programming languages research and teaching from academia and industry to help students imagine how they might contribute to our research community. Topics will range from the abstract (e.g., what is PL research and how does one become involved in it) to the concrete (e.g., how to navigate an academic conference, how to pick a research area) as well as technical talks on cutting-edge topics.

We especially encourage women and underrepresented minority students, and people with disabilities to attend PLMW.

This workshop is part of the activities surrounding ICFP, and takes place the day before the main conference. One goal of the workshop is to make the ICFP conference more accessible to newcomers. We hope that participants will stay through the entire conference.

Note that ICFP and PLMW are planned to be largely in-person events. While we recognize that travel to conferences is not easy for everyone, we do hope you will be able to join us in person to get the most out of the conference and its community-building aspects.

A number of sponsors have generously donated scholarship funds for qualified students to attend PLMW. These scholarships can cover expenses (airfare, hotel, and registration fees) for attendance at both the workshop and the ICFP conference.

Students attending this year will get one year free student membership of SIGPLAN, unless they prefer to opt out during their application.

The workshop registration is open to all. Students with alternative sources of funding are welcome as well.
