---
title: "POPL 2026 Student Research Competition Call for Submissions"
deadline: "10/30/2025"
---
SRC@POPL 2026 Call for Submissions
ACM Student Research Competition

https://popl26.sigplan.org/track/POPL-2026-student-research-competition
Location: Rennes, France

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Important Dates

Abstract Submission: Thu 30 Oct 2025
Notification of (Conditional) Acceptance: Mon 1 Dec 2025
Re-Submission for Conditionally Accepted Abstracts: Thu 4 Dec 2025
Notification of Final Acceptance: Mon 8 Dec 2025

--------------------------------------------------------------------------

Overview

POPL 2026 will host an ACM Student Research Competition, where undergraduate and
graduate students can present their original research before a panel of judges
and conference attendees. This year’s competition will consist of three rounds:

- Round 1, Extended abstract: All students are encouraged to submit an extended
abstract outlining their research. The submission should be up to three pages
using “\documentclass[acmsmall,nonacm]{acmart}”.

- Round 2, Poster at POPL: Based on the submissions, a panel of judges will
select the most promising entrants to participate in a poster session at POPL.
In the poster session, students will be able to interact with POPL attendees and
judges. After the poster session, three finalists in each category
(graduate/undergraduate) will be selected to advance to the next round.

- Round 3, Oral presentation at POPL: The last round will consist of a short
oral live presentation at POPL to compete for the final awards in each category.
This round will also select an overall winner who will advance to the ACM SRC
Grand Finals.

Call for Submissions

POPL invites students to participate in the Student Research Competition in
order to present their research and get feedback from prominent members of the
programming language research community. Please submit your extended abstracts
through HotCRP:

   https://popl26src.hotcrp.com

Submissions must be original research that is not already published at POPL or
another conference or journal. One of the goals of the SRC is to give students
feedback on ongoing, unpublished work. Furthermore, the submission must be
authored solely by the student. If the work is collaborative with others and/or
part of a larger group project, the submission should make clear what the
student’s role was and should focus on that portion of the work.

The submission should be up to three pages using
‘\documentclass[acmsmall,nonacm]{acmart}’. The submission does not itself need
to start with an “abstract”; the introduction can start immediately after the
author list. Reference lists do not count towards the three-page limit. You may
write appendices after the three-page limit, but please be noted that the
committee is not required to read them.

This year, we will have two review cycles. For each submission, one of the
following decisions will be made:

- Accept: submissions that proceed to the next round unconditionally.

- Conditional Accept: submissions that receive revision suggestions from the PC
members. Authors will have 3 days to revise the submission accordingly and then
resubmit. The revised submissionss will then be re-evaluated, and either
accepted or rejected.

- Reject: submissions that will not proceed to the next round.

For more details, please see:
https://popl26.sigplan.org/track/POPL-2026-student-research-competition
