---
title: "GCASR 2026 Announcement and Call for Posters"
timestamp: "3/26/2026 13:08:50"
start: "5/11/2026"
end: "5/12/2026"
---
Announcement and Call for Posters: 13th Greater Chicago Area Systems Research Workshop (GCASR 2026)
May 11, 2026
Northwestern University, Evanston, Illinois

https://gcasr.org/2026

 

The GCASR Workshop, now in its 13th iteration, is a premier venue that promotes awareness, collaboration, and synergy among academic and industry systems researchers in Chicagoland and the greater Midwest region. Its participants span a variety of systems sub-disciplines—including (but not limited to) operating systems, distributed and decentralized computing, machine learning systems, high performance computing, computer architecture, networks, databases, programming languages and compilers, quantum computing, and security.

GCASR 2026 will be held on Monday, May 11th on the campus of Northwestern University, which is located just north of Chicago in Evanston, IL (about 30-45 minutes from downtown via subway).   Participation in the workshop is open to all (see the web site for more information).

GCASR 2026 will consist of a keynote, a range of invited talks, and a robust poster session, all highlighting systems research in Chicagoland and the greater Midwest region.  

Faculty members, researchers, postdocs, students, industry professionals, and others with an interest in the workshop topics are invited to submit a poster for presentation at GCASR 2026. We welcome posters that highlight theoretical and experimental work in computing systems—including benchmarking, theoretical results, applications, software design, and algorithm/protocol design.

 

Important Dates

    Friday, April 10th, 2026 — Abstract Deadline
    Friday, April 17th, 2026 — Poster Notification
    Monday, May 11, 2026 — Workshop (Northwestern University, Evanston, Illinois)

 

Submission Requirements

    Please submit an abstract of no more than 250 words.
    Posters may cover already-published work.
    Please submit your poster abstract at: https://forms.gle/UtroSXguurTJGrvZ9.

 

Topics of Interest

Topics of interest include, but are not limited to:

    Operating Systems
    Computer Architecture
    Networking
    Distributed Systems
    Grids/Clouds/Supercomputing (including HPC/MTC/HTC)
    Edge Computing
    Internet-of-Things
    Energy Efficient Computing
    Reconfigurable, Real-time, Cyber-Physical, and Embedded Systems
    Programming Languages, Runtime Systems, and Compilers
    File and Storage Systems
    Parallelism and Multi/Many-core Systems
    Secure and Reliable Systems
    Databases
    Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning
    Quantum Computing

 
