---
title: "VSTTE 2026: First Call for Papers and WIP Presentations"
timestamp: "3/6/2026 4:53:12"
deadline: "7/17/2026"
---
18th International Conference on Verified Software: Theories, Tools, and Experiments

14 September, 2026, Graz, Austria

Co-located with Formal Methods in Computer-Aided Design 2026 (FMCAD 2026)



Key Information

Conference Website: https://fmcad.org/FMCAD26/vstte/

Important Dates:

Abstract submission: July 10th, 2026 AoE
Paper submission: July 17th, 2026 AoE
Notification of acceptance: August 22nd, 2026 AoE (tentative)*
Final pre-conference paper submission (optional): September 2nd, 2026 AoE (tentative)
Camera-ready for papers included in post-conference proceedings: October 23, 2026 (tentative)

* Authors of accepted papers at VSTTE 2026 will be able to register at early-bird rates for FMCAD/VSTTE.


Overview

The goal of the VSTTE conference series is to advance the state of the art in
the science and technology of software verification, through the interaction
of theory development, tool evolution, and experimental validation.
The Verified Software Initiative (VSI), spearheaded by Tony Hoare and Jayadev
Misra, is an ambitious research program for making large-scale verified
software a practical reality. The International Conference on Verified
Software: Theories, Tools and Experiments (VSTTE) is the main forum for
advancing the initiative. VSTTE brings together experts spanning the spectrum
of software verification in order to foster international collaboration on the
critical research challenges. The theoretical work includes semantic
foundations and logics for specification and verification, and verification
algorithms and methodologies. The tools cover specification and annotation
languages, program analyzers, model checkers, interactive verifiers and proof
checkers, automated theorem provers and SAT/SMT solvers, and integrated
verification environments. The experimental work drives the research agenda
for theory and tools by taking on significant specification/verification
exercises covering hardware, operating systems, compilers, computer security,
parallel computing, and cyber-physical systems.



Call for Papers and WIP Presentations

VSTTE 2026 welcomes submissions describing significant advances in the
production of verified software, i.e. software that has been proved to meet
its functional specifications. Submissions of theoretical, practical, and
experimental contributions are equally encouraged, including those that focus
on specific problems or problem domains. We are especially interested in
submissions describing large-scale verification efforts that involve
collaboration, theory unification, tool integration, and formalized domain
knowledge. We also welcome papers describing novel experiments and case
studies evaluating verification techniques and technologies.

Following its success in VSTTE 2025, we also welcome submissions on in-progress
verified software projects to a “work-in-progress (presentation-only)” track.
Work-in-progress contributions will not appear in the post-proceedings of the
conference. Submissions describing work of interest to the software
verification community, but that could not be accepted for publication in the
conference proceedings, may be invited to the “work-in-progress (presentation-
only)” track, on a case-by-case basis.

Topics of interest for this conference include, but are not limited to,
requirements modeling, specification languages, specification/verification/
certification case studies, formal calculi, software design methods, automatic
code generation, refinement methodologies, compositional analysis,
verification tools (e.g., static analysis, dynamic analysis, model checking,
theorem proving, satisfiability), tool integration, benchmarks, challenge
problems, and integrated verification environments.



Paper Submissions:

VSTTE 2026 accepts both long (limited to 16 pages, excluding references) and
short (limited to 10 pages, excluding references) paper submissions. Short
submissions also cover “verification pearls” describing an elegant proof or
proof technique. Submitted research papers and system descriptions must be
original and not submitted for publication elsewhere.

Papers must be submitted via EasyChair at the VSTTE 2026 conference submission
page: https://easychair.org/conferences/?conf=vstte2026.

The use of LaTeX and the Springer LNCS class files is strongly encouraged.

Submissions that are not in the proper format or are too long will not be considered.

Accepted regular-track papers will be included in the post-conference
proceedings of VSTTE 2026, which will be published as a LNCS volume by
Springer Verlag. Authors of those papers will have to transfer copyright of
their contribution to Springer Verlag.


Invited speakers
Roderick Bloem (Graz University of Technology)
Martin Jonáš (Masaryk University, Brno)
Invited tutorial
Daniela Kaufmann (TU Wien)
Omri Isac (Hebrew University of Jerusalem)
Chairs
Steering Committee
Supratik Chakraborty (IIT Bombay, India)
Natarajan Shankar (SRI International)

Program Chairs 
Aina Niemetz (Stanford University)
Yong Kiam Tan (Nanyang Technological University and A*STAR) 

Program Committee

Guy Amir (Cornell University)
Dirk Beyer (LMU Munich)
Roderick Bloem (Graz University of Technology)
Mario Carneiro (Chalmers University of Technology)
Emanuele D'Osualdo (University of Konstanz)
Parasara Sridhar Duggirala (The University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill)
Katalin Fazekas (TU Wien)
Aymeric Fromherz (Inria Paris)
Arie Gurfinkel (University of Waterloo)
Jacques-Henri Jourdan (Université Paris-Saclay, CNRS, ENS Paris-Saclay, Laboratoire Méthodes Formelles)
Daniela Kaufmann (TU Wien)
Nian-Ze Lee (National Taiwan University)
Jorge A Navas (Certora)
Mathias Preiner (Stanford University)
Mark Santolucito (Barnard College)
Dominik Schreiber (Karlsruhe Institute of Technology)
Roger Su (The Australian National University)
Stefan Zetzsche (University College London)
Tom van Dijk (University of Twente)
Johannes Åman Pohjola (Chalmers University of Technology)


(* Apologies if you receive multiple copies of this CFP)


