OverviewSIGPLAN had another very strong year with excellent attendance at conferences and workshops.  We have continued to see high rates of student participation. Conference submissions rates have remained high.  The SIGPLAN Executive Committee reported on the state of SIGPLAN at the annual open meeting at PLDI on June 17, 2009.  The slides for the open meeting are available on the web at http://www.sigplan.org/OpenMeetingPresentations.htm.   In general, the SIGPLAN web site (http://www.acm.org/sigplan) contains useful information on SIGPLAN activities and policies. The financial state of SIGPLAN is strong because our conferences do well financially.  We budget them conservatively to break even, which generally results in small profits for each conference.  OOPSLA struggled last year because of a substantial drop in attendees caused both by the struggling economy and shifting interests among practitioners.  The steering committee for the conference is addressing this change in several ways.  First, they are reducing their estimates for future attendance based on the most recent year, and they are exploring ways to more accurately reflect in the name of the meeting its scope, which has grown beyond objects.  In the future, the research track will retain the name OOPSLA but the umbrella conference will change its name to SPLASH.  

We have a decreasing number of members who receive physical copies of SIGPLAN Notices each month (print members), but a growing number of whom receive the newsletter electronically (electronic members).  We lose roughly $20 each year per print member but break even on electronic members.  

SIGPLAN's financial health has allowed us to partially fund a number of initiatives to help the community, including (1) a summer school for Ph.D. students, (2) a workshop for students from underrepresented groups considering graduate school in programming languages, operating systems, or architecture , and (3) the Educator's Symposium at OOPSLA. We describe these activities in more detail below.  
For Ph.D. students, SIGPLAN provided $5,000 in scholarship money to support attendance at a summer school on "Theory and Practice of Language Implementation"  held July 23-31 at the University of Oregon. The school consists of 30 tutorial-level lectures from nine world-class researchers over eight days with 41 participants.  More information on the workshop is available from: http://www.cs.uoregon.edu/research/summerschool/summer09/.
In addition, SIGPLAN provided $5,000 to support student attendance at the CRA-W/CDC Programming Languages, Operating Systems and Architecture Workshop.  While the workshop targeted pre-Ph.D. women and other under-represented groups, anyone could attend. The workshop included technical material, mentoring advice, and panels discussions led by eighteen academic (13) and industry (5) leaders, as well as other activities such as a poster session and a writing practicum for the thirty-six students who attended (33 women and 3 men).  Workshop organizers received 86 applicants, and accepted 40, offering some students the possibility to attend without funding support. The workshop took place March 7-8, 2009 at the ASPLOS conference in Washington D.C.  Other sponsors for the meeting included CRA-W, CDC, and IBM. More information about the workshop is available from: http://www.cs.utexas.edu/users/mckinley/plosa-craw-2009/.

The Educators' Symposium at OOPSLA strives to improve the quality of object-oriented education and give educators a voice in the premier conference for object-oriented research.  In support of this program, SIGPLAN gave $15,000 to fund travel scholarships for educators from two- and four-year colleges to attend the conference and the Educators' Symposium. 

In addition, SIGPLAN runs the PAC Program, which provides scholarships to attend conferences to students, members who need travel companions (parents of small children and people with disabilities) to attend events, and members who often have to travel extreme distances to attend SIGPLAN meetings (ie., people in Australia, Asia, etc).  In 2009, the PAC committee made awards to 64 individuals for a total of $55,000.  The PAC workflow website (http://pac.elis.ugent.be/) continues to be enormously useful in managing the program.
AwardsSIGPLAN made the following awards in FY 2009.	2009 SIGPLAN Programming Languages Achievement Award: Rod Burstall (presented at ICFP in Edinburgh, Scotland). The award includes a cash prize of $5,000.	2009 SIGPLAN Distinguished Service Award: Mamdouh Ibrahim (presented at OOPSLA in Orlando, FL). The award includes a cash prize of $2,500.	2008 SIGPLAN Outstanding Doctoral Disseration Award.  Two awards were given: Michael Bond for his thesis "Diagnosing and Tolerating Bugs in Deployed Systems" and Viktor Fafeiadis for his thesis "Modular Fine-Grained Concurrency Verification" (both presented at PLDI in Dublin, Ireland). This award includes a cash prize of $1,000 for each winner.
	Most Influential 1998 ICFP Paper Award to Lennart Augustsson for "Cayenne--- A Language with dependent types" (presented at ICFP in Victoria Island, Cananda). The award includes a cash prize of $1,000.	Most Influential 1998 OOPSLA Paper Award to David G. Clarke, John M. Potter, and James Noble for "Ownership Types for Flexible Alias Protection" (presented at OOPSLA in Nashville, TN). The award includes a cash prize of $1,000.
	Most Influential 1999 POPL Paper Award to Andrew C. Myers for "JFlow: Practical Mostly-Static Information Flow Control" (presented at POPL in Savannah, GA). The award includes a cash prize of $1,000.	Most Influential 1999 PLDI Paper Award to Matteo Frigo for "A Fast Fourier Transform Compiler" (presented at PLDI in Dublin, Ireland). The award includes a cash prize of $1,000.
        2008 John Vlissides Award to Ciera Jaspan, presented at OOPSLA in Nashville, TN
Information about SIGPLAN awards, including citations for all the awards above, is available from the web page: http://www.sigplan.org/awards.htm.
Other programs

The SIGPLAN CACM Research Highlights Nomination Committee, chaired by Ben Zorn, nominated nine papers for consideration by the CACM Research Highlights editorial board.  In recognition of the honor of being so chosen, these papers are listed on the SIGPLAN web site. Of these nine (3 from PLDI, 1 from LCTES, 1 from PPoPP, 3 from POPL, and 1 from ICFP), two have appeared in CACM: "Formal Certification of a Compiler Back-end" (retitled "Formal Verification of a Realistic Compiler") and "Scalable Synchronous Queues."  More information about the committee is available from the web: http://www.sigplan.org/CACMNominationPolicy.htm.


The SIGPLAN EC set up an Education Board to continue the work outlined in the 2008 SIGPLAN Curriculum Workshop.  Board members include: Kim Bruce (chair, Pomona College),
Kathi Fisler (WPI), Steve Freund (Williams College),  Dan Grossman (University of Washington), 
Matthew Hertz (Canisius College), Gary Leavens (University of Central Florida), Andrew Myers (Cornell University), and Larry Snyder (University of Washington).  Participants of the Workshop gave a panel presentation about the results of the workshop at SIGCSE in March 2009.


Key issues for next 2-3 yearsGrowing the number of SIGPLAN members continues to be a focus of the EC. We have taken several actions to encourage membership in SIGPLAN. These include allowing members to renew their membership when they register for conferences and giving automatic memberships to students that receive travel grants from SIGPLAN.An issue of concern to many members (particularly academic members) is the inclusion of a programming language material in the ACM Curriculum standard. SIGPLAN's Education Board is intended to work on this problem.  